okay so I've completed my about 12 to 16
week trial with the laser cap that fits
into you know any cap and these are my
fun results so you can be the judge for
yourself in my opinion it made my hair a
little thicker it made my hair fuller it
made the caliber of the hair which means
you know the circumference of the hair a
little bigger and I didn't really ever
have that many great gray hairs on 40
years old now and I still don't have any
gray hair so I don't know if it has
anything to do with the fact that I
don't have any gray or not because I
don't color my hair um I'd also like to
say that it's more manageable I mean on
it I always like it to stand up and I
don't use any mousse or gel or anything
like that so I like using those kind of
products but it it basically stands up
and lays the way that I want it to light
which it didn't do as much before I
started using the laser cap so so I you
know I would I would say the laser cap
has some effect on the quality of the
hair the caliber of the hair the
thickness of the hair and possibly the
manageability of the hair but ultimately
you have to be your own judge but here's
kind of what mine looks like I don't
know I don't know I mean I guess I would
read it four out of five if I had to
give it a rating so anyway these are my
these are my results after I think it's
been 15 weeks but I'm not sure if it's
between 12 and 16 weeks but roughly
fifteen fifteen weeks if you think these
results are any good you might want to
give the laser cap a try I'll put a link
on the video to in order to purchase it
but in the in the end the decision is
always going to be up to you because
them it's it's your money it's what you
value you know I'm a hair fanatic myself
so so I kind of like full thick hair
especially at age 40 so anyway here's my
results
[Music]
about it thanks for watching